README.md, before:

## Shopify Themekit Starter Instruction

Starter: [https://shopify.github.io/themekit/commands/#using-environments](https://shopify.github.io/themekit)

Tutorial: [https://www.shopify.com/partners/blog/95401862-3-simple-steps-for-setting-up-a-local-shopify-theme-development-environment](https://www.shopify.com/partners/blog/95401862-3-simple-steps-for-setting-up-a-local-shopify-theme-development-environment)

## Get started

- Create Shopify Private App and config permission correctly by following the [starter instruction](https://shopify.github.io/themekit)

- Install `theme-kit`
  - MacOS:
    ```
    brew tap shopify/shopify
    brew install themekit
    ```
  - Window:
    ```
    choco install themekit
    ```

- Use starter code by:
  - Create a new theme
    ```
    theme new --password=[your-password] --store=[your-store.myshopify.com] --name=[theme name]
    ```

  - Or configure an existing theme.
    ```
    theme get -p=[your-password] -s=[you-store.myshopify.com] -t=[your-theme-id]
    ```

    To get all theme's Ids:
    ```
    theme get --list -p=[your-password] -s=[you-store.myshopify.com]
    ```

- Start the developement server
  ```
  theme watch
  ```

	Add `--allow-live` flag to watch directory for changes and update remote theme
	```
  theme watch --allow-live
  ```

- Download changes from Shopify
	```
	theme download
	```

- Open live theme (store's preview)
	```
	theme open
	```


## More References

- [Liquid Cheat Sheet](http://cheat.markdunkley.com/)
- [Shopify Cheat Sheet](https://www.shopify.com/partners/shopify-cheat-sheet)

## License

Copyright © 2020 - Made by Leo @ [https://leohuynh.dev](https://leohuynh.dev)

Commit message:

Add get-api-access steps

README.md, after:

## Shopify Themekit Starter Instruction

Starter: [https://shopify.github.io/themekit/commands/#using-environments](https://shopify.github.io/themekit)

Tutorial: [https://www.shopify.com/partners/blog/95401862-3-simple-steps-for-setting-up-a-local-shopify-theme-development-environment](https://www.shopify.com/partners/blog/95401862-3-simple-steps-for-setting-up-a-local-shopify-theme-development-environment)

## Get started

- Create Shopify Private App and config permission correctly by following the [starter instruction](https://shopify.github.io/themekit/#get-api-access)

	#### Steps:
	1. In the store’s Shopify admin, click Apps.
	2. Near the bottom of the page, click on Manage private apps.
	3. If you see a notice that “Private app development is disabled”, then click “Enable private app development”. (Note: 4. Only the store owner can enable private app development. Learn more about enabling private apps).
	5. Click Create new private app.
	6. In the App details section, fill out the app name and your email address.
	7. In the Admin API section, click Show inactive Admin API permissions.
	8. Scroll to the “Themes” section and select Read and write from the dropdown.
	8. Click Save.
	9. Read the private app confirmation dialog, then click Create app.

	You’ll return to the app detail page. Your new, unique access credentials are visible in the Admin API section. Copy the password. You’ll use it in the next step.

- Install `theme-kit`
  - MacOS:
    ```
    brew tap shopify/shopify
    brew install themekit
    ```
  - Window:
    ```
    choco install themekit
    ```

- Use starter code by:
  - Create a new theme
    ```
    theme new --password=[your-password] --store=[your-store.myshopify.com] --name=[theme name]
    ```

  - Or configure an existing theme.
    ```
    theme get -p=[your-password] -s=[you-store.myshopify.com] -t=[your-theme-id]
    ```

    To get all theme's Ids:
    ```
    theme get --list -p=[your-password] -s=[you-store.myshopify.com]
    ```

- Start the developement server
  ```
  theme watch
  ```

	Add `--allow-live` flag to watch directory for changes and update remote theme
	```
  theme watch --allow-live
  ```

- Download changes from Shopify
	```
	theme download
	```

- Open live theme (store's preview)
	```
	theme open
	```


## More References

- [Liquid Cheat Sheet](http://cheat.markdunkley.com/)
- [Shopify Cheat Sheet](https://www.shopify.com/partners/shopify-cheat-sheet)

## License

Copyright © 2020 - Made by Leo @ [https://leohuynh.dev](https://leohuynh.dev)
